feat(chatbot): configure `userRoleRequired` for the `SlackChannelConfiguration` (#30420)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-chatbot/README.md

By default slack channel will use `AdministratorAccess` managed policy as guardrail policy.
The `guardrailPolicies` property can be used to set a different set of managed policies.

## User Role Requirement

Administrators can [require user roles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/chatbot/latest/adminguide/understanding-permissions.html#user-role-requirement) for all current channel members and channels and all channels created in the future by enabling a user role requirement.

> You can configure this feature by set `userRoleRequired` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure this feature by setting the `userRoleRequired` property.
```
